How much are the watermelons?
50 cents a jin is good.
Doudou eat less
Don't overeat
Got it, Daddy.
Watermelons are sold
Selling watermelons is not sweet and costs no money.
Ouch, come and buy it.
Come and buy watermelon
Stop shouting
I see your voice is hoarse. Take a sip of water.
Hot hmm
Girls can't drink cold during menstruation, thank you.
Let me ask you a question.
Where is Doudou's biological mother?
Died when Doudou was very young
Dead, right, no wonder he wants someone else to be a mommy
You are no one else
In Doudou's heart, you are his real mommy
So you must be nice to him.
I will. Don't worry.
You know
I lost a child
So I will definitely
Treat Doudou like his own child
I'm becoming more and more certain
You are Doudou's real mommy
Paternity test is coming soon
Everything will come to light
You go to rest first
I'll help you shout
You help me shout
It won't sell.
Why do you say so?
Because you don't look like a watermelon seller.
What do I look like?
CEO
Why can't the CEO sell watermelons?
You don't understand this
Are you shopping in the countryside?
It's about being down to earth
I sell watermelons. I sell watermelons.
Brother Brick Moving, didn't I laugh at you?
Your voice is as quiet as a mosquito
Who will buy our watermelon?
Wow